78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99
100
101
102
"Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!" - David Dweck
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Henry David Thoreau
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." - Samuel Beckett
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Neale Donald Walsh
"When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." - Oscar Wilde
"Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism." - David M. Burns
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable." - Deepak Chopra
"Dreams can come true, but there is a secret. They're realized through the magic of persistence, determination, commitment, passion, practice, focus and hard work. They happen a step at a time, manifested over years, not weeks." - Elbert Hubbard
"The past has no power over the present moment." - Eckhart Tolle
"The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others." - Unknown
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams." - Les Brown
"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds." - Orison Swett Marden
"Never limit yourself because of others' limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination." - Mae Jemison
"When I'm old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say, 'Wow, that was an adventure,' not, 'Wow, I sure felt safe.'" - Tom Preston-Werner
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." - Francis Chan
"Nothing in the world can take the place of perseverance. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost legendary. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent." - Calvin Coolidge
"It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts." - Robert H. Schuller
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too." - Paulo Coelho
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." - Mark Twain
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." - Karen Lamb
"To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children... to leave the world a better place... to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever." - Leo Buscaglia